I think success really depends on an individual's desire. First off, I
have to say success is what you make of it. But for me personally,
if I wake up happy, smiling, if I look forward to going to work, if
I have some people around me, one, two, five that really care about
me, that care about my progression, as a older people who will take
care of me. If I have those people around me, then I call that successful.
Right now, I think I'm successful. Now, many people also choose
to say, "Well, success depends on what you want to do in the future"
and for that one, I say, "If you're doing all of the things that
it takes to get you from point A to point B. So, for instance, for
me, if I wanted to go to Stanford, if I wanted to become an entrepreneur
later on and own my own business, am I doing the things that are
required to go to those goals?" and it's a simple answer, yes or no.
If I'm not, if I'm playing video games all day, if I'm just talking
with friends and drinking alcohol and not really doing the things
that set me up to get to that place, then I say that I need to start
doing those things to get my life straight. That's unsuccessful.